we're here with Chris McKinnon global
product manager from cyber automobile
Chris were in LA you just launched the
94 x how important is this cough sob
it's a really important product for sub
we're answering a new segment the
crossover segment which is a growing
segment here in the US and also in Asia
so it's really exciting for us in an
opportunity to get new people into the
brand and what makes you think this car
is going to be success well first of all
I'm on the major reasons that people
people buy cars is still styling design
it's a number one reason I think we have
really have a winning design here and
we're confident that it will appeal to
customers both existing customers and
also new customers to the sub R and now
it looks very similar to the recently
launched 95 is this just another variant
of that car no it's not this is an all
new ground up a crossover vehicle that
has a very rigid body structure and
that's designed for the the properties
and the characteristics that you need in
a crossover the interior is really truly
saab you'll notice the driver oriented
cockpit and the three gauges in front of
the driver really encompassing or
cocooning the driver and putting him in
him or her in control so a really unique
solve interior now there's no Diesel's
at launch was this the main market for
the ninth 4x of the main markets I
should say or the US and asia and diesel
doesn't have a very strong presence in
those markets now you launch the new 95
earlier this year now the 94 x is this a
start of a product offensive assault it
really is it keeps my my day job very
interesting we have the the 95 the nine
for X and also next summer the new 95
wagon so we have a very very strong
product offensive now that's really
what's driving the brand forward so we
have every year we're launching a new
product and in two and a half years time
the oldest product in our shoulders will
be the recently launched 95 which is a
very very exciting thing for us at sub
so a very different sort and the one we
saw a year ago definitely full of
confidence looking forward to the future
and launching all these vehicles and
really creating a solid base for it for
the future